no beautiful good morning i am
here in france and on an island
I do not know
I'm still here on vacation now
I'm about a week
and I have to say that comes so believe
I just back there but that had
Somehow there's a boat waiting there
The island was speculated to be beautiful
and also on the beach and a lot of fun
that's how I am here on porquerolles
Now I have arrived with the action
Lasted 20 minutes
and now we go here first me
somehow believe something or eat something
Drink or something and then we wanted it that way
a beach it is very warm
but I estimate 30 degrees and we have
not even 12 o'clock so it will be very
very warm and it is already very warm
Here eat something and just now
which the works in the cabinet because he
somehow one of the most beautiful
its beaches france
but he is a little bit resourceful
give